listen I've decided to ask the Emperor
huh I'm going to ask the Emperor for one
of his ornaments then you'll help me
find you right sure what
excuse me Emperor you up to you're the
Emperor aren't you who are you oh it
doesn't matter that's not important but
I I do have a favor to ask you but she
crazy can I just have one of the Cure
ornaments you wear on your crown yeah
you so you can afford to be generous
can't you look out you there you are to
be punished for your assault on the
esperar on your feet I'll cut you apart
tell me again why you
are you completely nuts do you want to
get yourself killed or something all
right just please don't cry I like your
gut so I'll help you look for your
friend do you mean it yeah my name is so
cuckoo but people call me Tama home a
gumiho me and I'm miaka Yuki how can I
ever repay you don't worry I know how
here they are prepare yourself for death
attack the oberoi peloton once wait
what's this all about a reddish light
suddenly induct the criminals your
highness a reddish light look at that
the female is disappearing
the girl was wrapped in a radiant red
light and she do we owe you I can't
library now you come back ahead you're
safe
Oh God sire arrest that girl now and the
young man quickly miaka
what was
by the order of the Emperor the girl was
arrested and put in jail with the young
man so you are taking the exam to Jonah
in school with me then I'm sorry me okay
you can't no it's impossible now are you
all right Donna me and then held on
tight oh that's right I forgot we've
been captured by the soldiers of the
conan empire you must have been half
dreaming no wonder you're having
nightmares lady you've been thrown in
prison for heaven's sake anyway tell me
now who you really are and what's with
that weird red light you were giving off
huh fine you don't have to tell me if
you don't want to wait then huh you ease
in her own world the other girl got home
and I couldn't make it back there
don't cry now miaka you don't have to
worry I'll find a way to get you out of
here love you mean it well you gave me
that promise of reward so tell me SIA we
should execute that girl in the fellow
with her right away i heard the girl
gave up a strange light and then almost
vanished she might be a witch or worse
we're waiting for your judgment sire and
your command calm down please the
clothing she wears his foreign are you
not curious about her origins or her
purpose here but sire please listen it
may or it may not be so but I believe
that she may be the priestess of Suzaku
what are you saying sire that she is the
girl of legend yes oh no I'm just as
hungry here in fact I'm starving oh hey
great i have done with me it might help
my hunger a little hey there what did
you just put your mouth what you fuck
your mouth Joe it to me right now ah
keep that away it's gross
got it haha we're out of here now they
all right you did good kid that's a
monster yes he does everyone going crazy
around here are you really sure that you
want to give me this magnificent stuff
huh you're not taking it back for me
later you know oh brother chill out come
you always have to be some stinky you
doing good grief and you're the guy I'm
supposed to depend on Bianca what is it
look at that hmm that's the one it says
ACK Suzaku one of the four gods guard
the cardinal points
the guardian god of the east is called
say Liam the guardian god of the north
is called Genbu the guardian of the West
is vehicle and the guardian god of the
south is called Suzaku the conan Empire
has Suzaku as its guardian God so the
other three gods protect and serve the
Empire's in each of the other directions
anyway the first thing we have to do is
get you out of here like I said I would
miaka hey where'd you go yeah